README.md, before:

# BestTalks

A collection of favorite talks about programming and technology. Pull requests
welcome!

## Alan Kay

- [OOPSLA 1997 - The computer revolution hasnt happened yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKg1hTOQXoY)
- [Normal Considered Harmful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvmTSpJU-Xc)
- [Programming and Scaling - HPI-Colloquium (ST 2011)](http://www.tele-task.de/archive/video/flash/14029/)
- [An Interview with Computing Pioneer Alan Kay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXoSK4tLxK8)

## Bret Victor

- [Inventing on Principle](http://vimeo.com/36579366)
- [Stop Drawing Dead Fish](http://vimeo.com/64895205)
- [The Future of Programming](http://vimeo.com/71278954)

## Gerald Jay Sussman

- [We Really Don't Know How To Compute!](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/We-Really-Dont-Know-How-To-Compute)

## Guy Steele

- [Growing a Language](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahvzDzKdB0)

## Rich Hickey / Clojure

- See http://thechangelog.com/rich-hickeys-greatest-hits/
- [Fertile Ground, the Roots of Clojure - Michael Fogus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnSpaR67hXg)

Commit message:

note https://github.com/matthiasn/talk-transcripts

README.md, after:

# BestTalks

A collection of favorite talks about programming and technology. Pull requests
welcome!

See also https://github.com/matthiasn/talk-transcripts for transcripts of some of these and other great talks.

## Alan Kay

- [OOPSLA 1997 - The computer revolution hasnt happened yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKg1hTOQXoY)
- [Normal Considered Harmful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvmTSpJU-Xc)
- [Programming and Scaling - HPI-Colloquium (ST 2011)](http://www.tele-task.de/archive/video/flash/14029/)
- [An Interview with Computing Pioneer Alan Kay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXoSK4tLxK8)

## Bret Victor

- [Inventing on Principle](http://vimeo.com/36579366)
- [Stop Drawing Dead Fish](http://vimeo.com/64895205)
- [The Future of Programming](http://vimeo.com/71278954)

## Gerald Jay Sussman

- [We Really Don't Know How To Compute!](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/We-Really-Dont-Know-How-To-Compute)

## Guy Steele

- [Growing a Language](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahvzDzKdB0)

## Rich Hickey / Clojure

- See http://thechangelog.com/rich-hickeys-greatest-hits/
- [Fertile Ground, the Roots of Clojure - Michael Fogus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnSpaR67hXg)
